README.md, before:

# node-js-getting-started

A barebones Node.js app using [Express 4](http://expressjs.com/).

This application supports the [Getting Started with Node on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs) article - check it out.

## Running Locally

Make sure you have [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) and the [Heroku CLI](https://cli.heroku.com/) installed.

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:heroku/node-js-getting-started.git # or clone your own fork
$ cd node-js-getting-started
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/).

## Deploying to Heroku

```
$ heroku create
$ git push heroku master
$ heroku open
```
or

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

## Documentation

For more information about using Node.js on Heroku, see these Dev Center articles:

- [Getting Started with Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)
- [Heroku Node.js Support](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/nodejs-support)
- [Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/nodejs)
- [Best Practices for Node.js Development](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-best-practices)
- [Using WebSockets on Heroku with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-websockets)

Commit message:

somehow lost the previous two commits involving refactoring -- redid index.js, need to do test.ejs next

README.md, after:

# node-js-getting-started

A barebones Node.js app using [Express 4](http://expressjs.com/).

This application supports the [Getting Started with Node on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs) article - check it out.

## Running Locally

Make sure you have [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) and the [Heroku CLI](https://cli.heroku.com/) installed.

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:heroku/node-js-getting-started.git # or clone your own fork
$ cd node-js-getting-started
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/).

To start a local server that loads global variables from the .env file, go to the root directory and type:

$ heroku local

... however, whenever you make changes server-side, ie. changes to index.js, you have to restart the server before they take effect. To automatically detect server-side changes you can use nodemon:

$ nodemon --exec "heroku local" --signal SIGTERM

## Deploying to Heroku

```
$ heroku create
$ git push heroku master
$ heroku open
```
or

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

## Documentation

For more information about using Node.js on Heroku, see these Dev Center articles:

- [Getting Started with Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)
- [Heroku Node.js Support](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/nodejs-support)
- [Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/nodejs)
- [Best Practices for Node.js Development](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-best-practices)
- [Using WebSockets on Heroku with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-websockets)
